When officially, fellow practitioners are
guided on the five ways to
steadfastly prepare offerings for the deceased, the arrangement of the
offering table is as follows: If it's our
house and we have a large yard,
we can set it outside. If it
rains, we must place it on a platform. If it's an
apartment, we can place it near the
door. If we
don't have a large space, we
can set it up like this: facing the
outdoor glass window, or
next to the window inside the house. There
are seven positions today. Today, I will
guide fellow practitioners on how to arrange the offerings
on the table. The techniques
include: fruits, candies, snacks, vegetarian meals, milk, porridge, rice,
salt. Whatever offerings we have, we use
them; we can't just
throw whatever we have. We can also create a small amount.
In this section, we also
have an envelope. We can make offerings
to the Three Jewels according to our hearts' wishes, dedicating the merit to the departed
souls. Today, they have the opportunity to be in this Dharma assembly,
so they receive blessings, and thanks to
that blessing, they will benefit.  Regarding the
food offerings we make, the
prayer is then translated. After providing the
video link, we, esteemed fellow devotees,
can make offerings according to
our own hearts, that is, using the prayer of Yen,
or if any of you prefer to
follow the main ritual as described in
the scriptures, then you can make the offering. This part is not
mandatory because it only comes from
our hearts. In the
Buddha's teachings, it is usually said that
after relatives make offerings to the
Three Jewels and dedicate the blessings
to the Elders and the departed souls,
their blessings will
increase, and all the specific offerings
they receive are due to the resources of their village.
Therefore,
the offering ceremony is just an
expression of our hearts. This is
the prayer we
make, and it must originate from the principle
of cause and effect, which is to increase the blessings we send.
Basically, we also
use incense sticks and other offerings, and that is necessary. The amount depends
on our economic conditions.
The civilized aspects of
our community gatherings are that they receive a
share, and we also receive a share.
We focus more on offerings
than on material things.
Brother Hanh, if
we offer fewer material things, but
dedicate more merit to
them, they will still be provided for. However, if
we offer too many offerings
and provide
too little for them to use, they won't be able to
utilize them. We should also
monitor and control the offerings. It's important to
understand that the National Defense
for the deceased must be
two-pronged: the physical offerings (like Tam Dao) for them to
have medicine, and the material offerings
for the Quynh alley. We haven't
planned for the two sides yet. We also wish our esteemed fellow
practitioners, when performing rituals at home, to do so
correctly according to the Buddhist Constitution, so that
we, the living, may benefit and
reach out to the
deceased.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]